(baby-project-server) Create issue templates for baby-project (#8)
TurkuForge/baby-project-server: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project

> title: "(Feature) Short description here"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "(Feature) General summary of the issue"
```

labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

> <!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

Reviewer: This comment seems unnecessary if we say what to add in the actual title.
```suggestion
```

> ## Detailed Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description
```

Author: Actualy I think we whould keep the Detailed thing here. Its a project that might get more than the just us here so clarifytin "Detailed" might be a good idea

Reviewer: We can keep it if you want as long as it's consistent among the templates; the other one has just **Description** at the moment.

Author: Good Point, I add that there as well. I used just stock temolate from here https://github.com/TalAter/open-source-templates

> <!--- Provide a detailed description of the change or addition you are proposing -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Provide a detailed description of the change or addition you are proposing. -->
```

## Context
<!--- Why is this change important to you? How would you use it? -->
<!--- How can it benefit other users? -->

## Possible Implementation

> <!--- Not obligatory, but suggest an idea for implementing addition or change -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Optional. -->
<!--- Suggest an idea for implementing the proposed change or addition. -->
```
